to jaime rodríguez the route of success in
soccer came to him in his early years
It was the city ​​that welcomed him and
it offered the first opportunities
technicians such as tolimense to bar guzmán
today remember the beginnings of that child who
Although he was born in Cúcuta, he grew up and formed
in the capital of Tolima, the part
disciplinary web very important of him
thanks to your mom to your mom
pillar and his piece juan carlos is the
child i keep my earrings and
they helped in the formation of the child and I
childbirth endure what makes many
I do not see it, it had a lot to do
in forming the child knew to
where I was also in the academy
tolimense and then a thousand people
they were in front of the team that's why
for professor guzmán the triumphs of the
10 are not a coincidence they are all a
accumulation of talent talent and up
luck what we saw
you know that soccer is sometimes engaged
luck but also the hammer condition
was the two things had the great
condition and was lucky for the
rookie classify the ponyfútbol take it
to Medellin to be the best player in
pickling ponyfútbol that was won with the
deceives tolimense of game and goleador and
He has also made a dream goal
Olympic and an Olympian I think that
bounced the rate of joy for this child
and the votes and we love
tolimense saw in him is the prospect and
although the family has been the most
important support for which today is
cataloged one of the best players
of the world
Guzmán can not help but know that
to luck discipline and talent
they have a fundamental ingredient the
football offspring inherited from his
father and family, they look at them
what is Medellin in polyphonic and
costa de collations or less
father had a brother in Medellín was
murdered with a difficult Medellin
and let them who knew them
brother james does it through with the
dead brother they compare him a lot
with the cognitive that at this moment
I honestly miss the name but to
I was read many times not without
to ignore what leave me a great
player of the cúcuta tolima and jump I see
millions of memories of these
moments according to the lawyer no doubt a
pride that is born of ibagué but that such
time has not yet been claimed as a
our right, even if it's a
national player and baha who deserve
show their status as a training city
of great talents
and this this player is the figure of
ponyfútbol gamer rodríguez as
Today we remember his dad sometimes as
we remember the king as we remembered
walter there that Tuesday and we stayed
short in praise for a boy who
for two weeks has filled the
argentina the spectators
I had a good team I had a good
talent we know that the match and it was not
easy
first start with tolima and oxide that
still
to not stop